https://codepen.io/jonport93/pen/OJyvePz -codepen assignment


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that is readable by anyone use a base set of standards.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML the foundation of any webpage which can be manipulated by CSS and Javascript
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are additional information about elements. It is placed in an tag after the element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is a heading tag and is used to show that there is a heading in the code. It can be used 6 times (h1-h6)
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor tags and images.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    A header
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a selector used to identify specific tags.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element in HTML
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is a selector used to identify a group of parts in a page within a single class.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You use a href="link here"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt alttribute, src, in an image tag is used to display an image on a page. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    You use #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is used to refer to a specific section and is semantic html. A div has no specific meaning and is non-semantic.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Style Sheets
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    You use an element selector, example if I want to use H1 I would just type out H1 {}.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    You use .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector is when you have two elements a parent and a child. It is useful for specificity and you want to very specific on what you want to effect
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    You use #sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It ss a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: Capitalize; text-transform:lowercase text-transform:capitals
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    You use *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    You use rm. You have to be careful 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It helps teams solve problems and all prior changes made. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    whenever you make a new change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    You fork the repo, clone it, create a branch, git add, git commit, git push, then you create a pull request (don't forget to add TL as a reviewer).
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block elements starts on a new line and inline does not. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Lets you place an element exactly where you want it. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    You use the box model.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    For block elements: h1, header, footer. For inline elements: img, a. For inline-block: li
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    Its a box that surrounds every element. The content is always the fix for the box model. We make all elements respect the width by providing values to padding, border, and margin. 